Tile Editor Hotkeys & Operation
v1.4

SELECTING TILES

To select multiple tiles, click one tile, hold SHIFT and click another tile. This will select
	a block of tiles from tile A to tile B if you are in rectangular selection mode.
To select multiple rows or columns of tiles, click a tile hold SHIFT, and then press the ARROW keys.
You can select an entire column of tiles by selecting a tile, holding SHIFT and clicking on a tile in a
	lower column of the same row.
You can select an entire row of tiles by selecting a tile, holding SHIFT and selecting another tile in 
	same row.
You can add rows or columns of tiles to those that you have selected, by holding SHIFT and using 
	the ARROW keys to add the desired area. 
To select an entire page of tiles, press HOME, then hold SHIFT and press END. 
To select multiple pages of tiles, after selecting an entire page, press SHIFT then PAGE DOWN or PAGE UP.

HOTKEYS

E : 	Opens the selected tile in the pixel editor.
C : 	Copies a tile, or a tile block to swap memory.
V : 	If a tile or block is copied into swap, pressing V will paste it to a selected dest.
	Otherwise, this vertically flips a selection.
	Hold CONTROL to paste a single copied tile to every tile of a selected block of tiles.
O : 	If a tile or block is copied into swap, pressing O will overlay it to a selected dest.
	Hold SHIFT to perform mass overlay of a single copied tile to a destination block.
	Hold CONTROL to underlay the image, instead of overlaying it. 
H : 	Performs an horizontal flip on the selection.
P :	Opens a dialogue to jump to a desired tile page.
G : 	Opens the Tile Grabber.
R : 	Rotates a tile clockwise. Hold SHIFT to rotate anticlockwise. 
	Hold CONTROL to open the Mass Recolour dialogue. 
SPACE :	Toggles selection mode from Rectangular to Arbitrary. 
X : 	{ex=(ex+1)%3;} //Extend, on tiles?!
F12 :	Produces a snapshot of the present tile page.
F : 	Floodfills a tile block from swap. 
U : 	Hold CONTROL to show only unused tiles; if showing unused tiles, pressing U will reveal all tiles.
8 :	Show or hide the 8-bit marker in the corner of tiles.
M : 	Opens the combo maker for a selected block of tiles, or for a single tile.
D : 	Opens the Relational / Dungeon Carving creator dialogue for a selected block of tiles.
B : 	Converts a tile to 8-bit colour. Hold CONTROL to convert an 8-bit tile to 4-bit colour.
	

PAGE UP: Decrements the tile page by one. Hold CONTROL to jump to the first tile page.
PAGE DOWN: Increments the tile page by one. Hold CONTROL to jump to the last tile page.
HOME: Jumps to the first tile on the present tile page. Hold CONTROL to jump to tile 0.
END: Jumps to the last tile on the present tile page. Hold CONTROL to jump the last legal tile. 
DELETE: Deletes a tile, clearing its pixels to colour 0. A dialogue appears to confirm this action.

MOVING TILE ALIGNMENT

You can move the alignment of a single tile or a tile block on a page by first selecting a tile,
	or a block of tiles (including across multiple tile pages)., then when holding the ALT key, 
	press the ARROW keys to move tiles by one pixel at a time. This affects the entire selection; 
	and it is very useful when you wish to rip tiles, but the rip does not align to the Tile Editor grid.