Classic.zh Pre-Compiled Code
Docs for header v2.14

Note: You can copy-paste any of these as FFCs in the blank uest for
	the Classic tileset from Map 1, Screen 0x82.

Sign FFC

Create an ffc on the screen, and assign combo 900 to it. 
Assign the script SignBost to the FFC.
Place it over any solid obect, then set FFC arg (D0) to a ZQ 
	String (message) ID. When the player is in front of and 
	below this combo, facing up, and presses an action button
	ZC will show the string.
	
Permanent Room Secret

Create an ffc on the screen, and assign combo 901 to it. 
Assign the script PermBlockSecret to the FFC.
Enable the flag 'Run Script on Screen Init'.
Place this anywhere on the screen.
This will assure that secrets triggered by block puzzles are permanent. 

Room Guy

Create an ffc on the screen, and assign combo 902 to it. 
Assign the script ChangeRoomGuy to the FFC.
Enable the flag 'Run Script on Screen Init'.
Set (D0) to the tile that you want to use for the custom guy.
Set (D1) to the CSet that you want to use for the custom guy.
Place this anywhere on the screen.
This will change whatever the normal graphics are for the room guy to
	your custom graphics.
Note: This does not work if the room guy is type 'Fire'.
	
Permanent Shutter

Create an ffc on the screen, and assign combo 903 to it. 
Assign the script PermBockShutters to the FFC.
Enable the flag 'Run Script on Screen Init'.
Place this anywhere on the screen.
This will ensure that shutters opened by a screen secret remain open 
	on revisiting the screen.
	
	
BOSS EFFECTS

The following are a series of boss death effect scripts. 
For each, the value of `int reg` should be identical, as these use Screen->D[reg] to operate, 
and they must all operate on the same register. 

Fireworks/Boss Explosion

This will create a series of explosions when a boss dies, as in Z3. 
It is the first part of a chain of ffcs used for boss victory animations. 
This can be used by iteself, but it is required for the scripts DropHEARTCONTAINER and DropTRIFORCE
to work properly without advanced configurations. 

Create an ffc on the screen, and assign combo 904 to it. 
Assign the script BossExplode to the FFC.
Place this anywhere on the screen.
Set (D0) to a screen register (0 is default).
Set (D1) to the sprite to use for explosions (88 is the Classic tileset firework sprite).
Set (D2) to the sound effect or the explosions.
Set (D3) to a custom delay, or use 0 for default. 
Set (D4) and (D5) to a range of rando pixel distances where (D4) is
	the minimum and (D5) is the maximum. The script has defaults, so it is
	is safe to leave each at '0' unless you want custom randomisation.
If the enemy that you are using is not a Z1 boss, set (D6) to the enemy ID
	of the enemy to explode. 

Boss Music

This will play custo music during a boss encounter. It is the secod in a chain of
scripts used for bosses, although unlike some of the others, it can be used
alone. 

Create an ffc on the screen, and assign combo 905 to it. 
Assign the script BossMusic to the FFC.
Place this anywhere on the screen.
Set (D0) to a screen register (0 is default).
Set (D1) to the a custom original tile, if desired. This will automatically
	default to the first tile of the Classic tileset firework sprite. 
If you are using a MIDI, set (D2) to the MIDI ID.
If you are using Classic.nsf, set (D3) to the track to play.

This will set music for the boss, and, once the boss dies, a victory track will play.
I you are using the Fireworld (BossExplode) script the, victory track plays after
the fireworks animations end. 

After the victory, this script writes the Screen->D[reg] with a value to be tracked
	by the scripts DropHEARTCONTAINER and DropTRIFORCE.

Drop Heart Container

This will cause a heart container to fall from the ceiling when the boss dies. 

Create an ffc on the screen, and assign combo 906 to it. 
Assign the script DropHEARTCONTAINER to the FFC.
Place this anywhere on the screen.
Set (D0) to a screen register (0 is default).
Leave (D1) alone uless you need a number other than 0 if there are multiple effects that write to 
the register other than this. It defaults to _classic_zh__REG_BOSS_DEAD, so that the script waits until
the boss is dead and all animations from the Fireworks script end, to drop the heart container. 

This script relies on the using either (or both) BossMusic or BossExplode scripts. 

Drop Triforce Piece

This will cause a Triforce piece to fall from the ceiling when the boss dies. 

It is usually used in conunction with the script DropHEARTCONTAINER and if you are
using that script, the value for (D1) is autoassigned by the script. 

Create an ffc on the screen, and assign combo 907 to it. 
Assign the script DropTRIFORCE to the FFC.
Place this anywhere on the screen.
Set (D0) to a screen register (0 is default).
Set (D1) a value of 2 (_classic_zh__REG_BOSS_DEAD) if you wish to use this without also 
using the script DropHEARTCONTAINER.
 
The Drop Triforce ad Drop Heart Container scripts are intended to be used together,
and in conjunction with the BossExplode script.

This script relies on the using either (or both) BossMusic or BossExplode scripts. 

ADDITIONAL FEATURES

global script Active
This is a default/example global active script for 2.53.x. 

EagleBugInside

This replicates the Z1 1st.qst Lv1 bug where exiting and re-entering Lv1 unlocks 
the first door.

To use, To use, place it on any ffc running script with a combo > 0place this on 
	the first room (entry room) of your dungeon.

EagleBugOutside

This is a counterpart to EagleBugInside. To use, place it on any ffc running 
this script with a combo > 0 outside the dungeon entrance. 

EagleBugEast
t/b/a

/* Items */

HalfMagic

Assign this as the Pickup/Collect script to an item, and when the player collects this
	item, they will gain 1/2 magic. The Classic tileset includes and item
	preconfigured to do this. 
	
LearnSlash

Assign this as the Pickup/Collect script to an item, and when the player collects this
	item, they will gain the Slash ability. The Classic tileset includes and item
	preconfigured to do this. 
	
ItemMessage

Assign this as the Pickup/Collect script to an item, and when the player collects this
	item, they will see the message set as fcc script argument (D0).
	Note: 2.55 has this as a built-in feature. 
	
MagicBossKey

Assign this as the Pickup/Collect script to an item, and when the player collects this
	item, they will gain boss keys for every level in the game.
	This is pre-set-up i the Classic tileset. 
	
MagicMap

Assign this as the Pickup/Collect script to an item, and when the player collects this
	item, they will gain the map item for every level in the game.
	This is pre-set-up i the Classic tileset. 
	
MagicCompass

Assign this as the Pickup/Collect script to an item, and when the player collects this
	item, they will gain the compass item for every level in the game. 
	This is pre-set-up i the Classic tileset. 
	
ItemSound

Assign this as the action script to an item, and set (D0) to a sound effect ID.
Every use of this item will play this sound, even if it has an action sound effect.
THe purpose of this is for items such as the wand (no magic, slash only) where there
is no engine sound effect when using it. 

CollectHeartContainer

This script alows you to play a specific message for each heart container piece collected
out of the normal four total needed. The strings must be seuential, with the sting for the 
first 1/4 heart set to (D0). 

E.g., Assign string 25 to D0. 
On the first heart container piece (1/4), the player will see string 25.
On the second (1/2), they will see string 26. 
On the third (3/4), they will see string 27. 
When assembling the full heart container, they will see string 28. 

toggle_4_8_way_movement
Place on any item as its Pickup/Collect script to cause collecting it to toggle 
	4-way and 8-way movement (e.g., as an upgrade), or place it as the action script
	of an inventory item to allow the player to easily toggle modes using an item.


Z2_Lantern
Place this as the action  script on an item that you mean to use as an automatic
	lantern item, and enable the flag 'Passive Script for that item. 
	It will automatically light up dark room as the passive lantern in Z2.


/* Enemy Scripts * /

Daira
This is an example enemy script that creates a daira enemy (from Z2) with a slashing axe
weapon. 
	
Bobomb
Assign this to any walking enemy, then set all defences fr the enemy (every weapon type) to 'Stun'.
When the enemy is struck with a weapon, it will stop moving, then begin flashing counting down
to eventually exploding. 

/* Functions */

int classic_zh::getVersion()
 * Returns the current version of classic.zh. 

int classic_zh::float getDate() 
 * Returns the datestamp for the current version of classic.zh

int classic_zh::float getTie() 
 * Returns the timestamp for the current version of classic.zh

bool classic_zh::isBoss(npc n)
* Returns true if the enemy 'n' is a Z1 boss, otherwise returns false. 

bool classic_zh::ScreenGuyAlive()
 * Returns treue if there are any guy class npcs on the screen.